Meet scourr.
The smarter way to job hunt.
You will start here after completing your profile.
Just describe your ideal role.
Scourr uses AI to fill in the details.
You can review and tailor the results.
Create the hunt to begin searching job boards.
Your new hunt is live.
Matches start rolling in.
AI scores every posting before you see it.
Ninety percent match — strong fit.
Place your bet.
Tailored cover letter — instantly.
CV rewritten to match the posting.
ATS keywords highlighted automatically.
Print-ready. One click.
Got a listing from somewhere else?
Drag the Scourr button to your bookmarks bar.
Click it on any job page.
Autofill your info.
Fill in your cover letter and resume.
Or capture the job straight to scourr.
Stop applying everywhere.
Apply well — to the right roles.
Try scourr free. scourr dot app.